feature/290: Added module for native_image (#291)
exasol/project-keeper: doc/developers_guide/preparing_a_project_for_native_image_builds.md

# Preparing a project for native-image builds

PK can configure a project to use Graal VM for building platform specific executables for Windows, Mac OS and Linux. Currently, only for amd64 architecture.

## How To

* Add the `native_image` module to your `.project-keeper.yml`.

> * Add integration test that use the native image. This step is important because the native image can fail where the Jar works fine. A typical reason for that is that the native-image does not fully support reflection out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add integration tests that use the native image. This step is important because the native image can fail where the JAR works fine. A typical reason is that the native-image does not fully support reflection out of the box.
```

* If tests fail because of reflection, add the classes you need reflection for to the generated `src/main/reflect-config.json`. For details see the [Java docs](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/F44923_01/enterprise/20/docs/reference-manual/native-image/Reflection/).

> * Tag the tests the use the native image with `@Tag("native-image")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tag the tests that use the native image with `@Tag("native-image")`.
```
